---
title: Research interests
id: research
glyph: grain
---

***NEWS*** I'm currently a Software Engineering Intern at
[Google](https://www.google.com) Aarhus, Denmark, where I am hacking
on the [Dart programming language](https://www.dartlang.org), whilst
designing and implementing a new [domain-specific functional language
for expressing source-to-source
transformations](https://www.github.com/dhil/t20) on the intermediate
representation of Dart. I am a member of the Dart SDK Common Front End
team, which is led by my Google host [Kevin
Millikin](https://github.com/kmillikin).

My research interests revolve around the design, implementation, and
use of *handlers for algebraic effects* to model and control
user-definable computational effects. I am exploring the design,
implementation, and application spaces of handlers in the contexts of
the [Links programming language](http://www.links-lang.org) and
[Multicore OCaml](https://ocaml.io/w/Multicore) &mdash; an
experimental extension to the [OCaml programming
language](https://ocaml.org) which uses algebraic effects and handlers
to compose concurrency.

I am a PhD student within the [Laboratory for Foundations of Computer
Science (LFCS)](http://wcms.inf.ed.ac.uk/lfcs/) admitted through the
[Centre for Doctoral Training in Pervasive
Parallelism](http://pervasiveparallelism.inf.ed.ac.uk/). My
supervisors are [Sam Lindley](http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/slindley)
(LFCS) and [Christophe Dubach](http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/cdubach)
(ICSA).
